Datastax is an AI company focussing on Generative AI with their Vector Database Astra DB.

DATASTAX ASTRA DB
Vector and RAG Made Easier
Astra DB gives developers the APIs, real-time data and complete ecosystem integrations to put accurate RAG and Gen AI apps in production - FAST.

START FOR FREE

ASTRA DB VECTOR
Register now to try the new Astra DB vector experience in public preview.


ASTRA ASSISTANTS API
Unify data and LLMs within a single API within our Astra DB vector database.


RAG IN PRODUCTION
See Skypoint Cloud’s LangChain RAG app in production.


VERCEL & ASTRA DB
Transform Product Docs into a RAG-Powered App with Vercel and Astra DB.

Real-time Vector data for RAG
Accurate Gen AI
Accurate Gen AI
Vector updates available with ZERO latency delays.

Production-level
Production-level
High performance and serverless for distributed production workloads.

Proven and Trusted
Proven and Trusted
Built on Cassandra, choice of AI leaders, with enterprise security and compliance.

DEVELOPERS
RAG Made Easier
Elegant APIs and powerful integrations for production-level RAG and FLARE.

TRY FOR FREE
EXPLORE EXAMPLES
Create
Create a table using the VECTOR type

Load
Easily load vectors like any other data type

Index
Create a Storage Attached Index which enables high performance ANN (Approximate Nearest Neighbor) search

Query
Query to perform similarity search

CREATE TABLE my_vectors (my_id text PRIMARY KEY, my_vector vector<float, 3>);
Generative AI Leaders Shaping their Industries
Bolstering Bookings with Real-time AI and Vector Search
Transforming Banking Through Generative AI
Improving Operational Efficiency with GenAI
Empowering Financial Management with Gen AI
Banking on Astra DB to Provide Real-Time Financial Transaction Data Enrichment with AI
Bolstering Bookings with Real-time AI and Vector Search
Priceline leverages real-time data infrastructure and Generative AI to build highly personalized experiences for customers, combining AI with real-time vector search.

LEARN MORE
“Priceline has been at the forefront of using machine learning for many years. Vector search gives us the ability to semantically query the billions of real-time signals we receive as part of our checkout experience that flow back to Astra DB. We plan to use Google Cloud’s Generative AI capabilities alongside Astra DB’s vector search to power our real time data infrastructure and Generative AI experiences."

Martin Brodbeck
CTO, Priceline
Transforming Banking Through Generative AI
Capital One has consistently invested in technologies that reinvent the banking and financial services industry. Capital One leverages Generative AI  for more engaging and human-centered digital banking experiences, all facilitated by instant access to real-time data.

LEARN MORE
 “Vector search is a really important aspect of Generative AI. It has multiple applications for example, holding in personalized or contextually relevant information to those large language model interactions to make them more contextually relevant.”

Kel Vanee
VP of Machine Learning Engineering
Improving Operational Efficiency with GenAI
SkyPoint AI is revolutionizing senior care through its use of Generative AI healthcare solutions. The company builds real-time AI applications with vector search, empowered by advanced LLMs and AI agents.

LEARN MORE
“Finding specific policies and operating procedures is time-consuming and challenging due to scattered storage across various platforms. Using Astra DB's vector search capabilities, SkyPoint can leverage these benefits to enhance its services, offering users real-time, contextual, and personalized solutions. This leads to accurate predictions and personalized healthcare outcomes at a lower cost.”

Tisson Mathew
Founder & CEO, SkyPoint AI
Empowering Financial Management with Gen AI
Macquarie Bank utilizes DataStax and Bard to facilitate a customized search experience, allowing users to search for and categorize their payments, enhancing their financial management capabilities.

LEARN MORE
"In 2017, we started to use DataStax. For the first time in the bank's history, we can provide a real 360-degree view of customers—not only to internal people but also to the customers: all the products in a nice, simple view. Personalization will be more and more important. In our opinion, that will be the key differentiation.”

Luis Uguina
Chief Digital Officer, Macquarie
Banking on Astra DB to Provide Real-Time Financial Transaction Data Enrichment with AI
The world's leading financial companies build with Bud's simple APIs to turn messy financial data into powerful customer insights. With Astra DB, Bud has a reliable platform for its data that lets its internal team concentrate on new services and using financial data to create value for customers, rather than supporting our database infrastructure.

"Financial services enterprises are unlocking the value of enriched transactional data with the Bud platform. We depend on DataStax Astra DB for the dynamic scalability and high performance we need to apply machine learning (ML) to real-time data. This means we can provide highly accurate, actionable insights for our clients and their customers."

Michael Cullum
VP of Engineering, Bud
REVIEWS
Hear from our customers
Trust Radius icon
Incentivized Review
Astra DB has been a phenomenal tool, we have gained an organized workplace due to it. The data structure is so well maintained, and our employees rely working on Astra DB on daily basis. Its simple to use nature and cost effectiveness is an eye catcher. 
Kartik Pujari
Full Stack Engineer
EDII Software Solutions
Information Technology & Services | 51-200 employees
Read Full Review
Incentivized Review
It has helped us keeping our data secured and organized. The working environment has become more efficient due to this. 
Avinash Bhatt
Senior Web Administrator
EDII Software and Solutions
Information Technology & Services | 51-200 employees
Read Full Review
READ ALL REVIEWS
Ready to get started with Vector Search? 
Deliver Generative AI apps on the world’s most powerful, most scalable vector database.

TRY FOR FREE
Trusted by leaders in every industry
Capital One
Macquarie
Priceline
Audi
T-Mobile
The Home Depot