Vector Search | DataStax
Astra platform
Astra DB Vector is the only vector database for building production-level AI applications on real-time data.

Build accurate AI with real-time data and streaming.
Astra DB Vector is for mixed workloads with vector, non-vector, and streaming data.

Only Astra DB Vector gives you simultaneous query/update with ultra-low latency.

Build accurate AI with real-time data and streaming.

Support your entire app, not just vector search.
You’ll need to use your vector, tabular, and streaming data for accurate LLM replies.

Astra DB Vector is a natively unified database for your entire application. Standalone vector databases require stitching and moving data from system to system.

Support your entire app, not just vector search.

Deploy production-level security and compliance.
Protect users and data with the depth enterprise security features and compliance certifications for production AI.

Standalone vector databases were designed for simple applications and workloads - not for enterprise-scale requirements.

Deploy production-level security and compliance.

Developer-friendly APIs, pricing and community support.
Code today and launch tomorrow with vector-native APIs and ecosystem integrations.

Astra DB gives developers the industry’s most generous developer plans, APIs, community support, and choice of deployment options.

Developer-friendly APIs, pricing and community support.

Developers
Build real-time, Generative AI Apps on the most proven, most powerful database
Get hands-on experience with actual code examples and the opportunity to try it out on your local machine.

CREATE TABLE my_vectors (my_id text PRIMARY KEY, my_vector vector<float, 3>);
Examples
Generate real-time AI applications with Vector Search, empowered by advanced Language Models (LLMs) and Chat AI Agents.

Q&A Search with LangChain
Perform a text similarity search on HuggingFace datasets using Astra DB, LangChain and CassIO.

View Quickstart
Integrations
Enhance your AI/ML applications and ecosystem with contextual data insights and automations.


CassIO
Library seamlessly connects Apache Cassandra and Generative AI frameworks like LangChain

Explore CassIO
Join the Community
Plug into the real-time conversation on the community’s Planet Cassandra Discord channel.